README.md, before:

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![JCS-ELPA](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jcs-emacs/badges/master/elpa/v/sideline-flycheck.svg)](https://jcs-emacs.github.io/jcs-elpa/#/sideline-flycheck)
[![MELPA](https://melpa.org/packages/sideline-flycheck-badge.svg)](https://melpa.org/#/sideline-flycheck)
[![MELPA Stable](https://stable.melpa.org/packages/sideline-flycheck-badge.svg)](https://stable.melpa.org/#/sideline-flycheck)

# sideline-flycheck
> Show flycheck errors with sideline

[![CI](https://github.com/emacs-sideline/sideline-flycheck/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/emacs-sideline/sideline-flycheck/actions/workflows/test.yml)

## 🔨 Quickstart

```elisp
(use-package sideline
  :hook (flycheck-mode . sideline-mode)
  :init
  (setq sideline-backends-right '(sideline-flycheck)))

(use-package sideline-flycheck :hook (flycheck-mode . sideline-flycheck-setup))
```

## 🔧 Customization

#### 🧪 Variables

- `sideline-flycheck-inhibit-functions` - Functions to inhibit display of sideline flycheck.
- `sideline-flycheck-show-checker-name` - If non-nil, show checker name at the back.

## Contribute

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![Elisp styleguide](https://img.shields.io/badge/elisp-style%20guide-purple)](https://github.com/bbatsov/emacs-lisp-style-guide)
[![Donate on paypal](https://img.shields.io/badge/paypal-donate-1?logo=paypal&color=blue)](https://www.paypal.me/jcs090218)
[![Become a patron](https://img.shields.io/badge/patreon-become%20a%20patron-orange.svg?logo=patreon)](https://www.patreon.com/jcs090218)

If you would like to contribute to this project, you may either
clone and make pull requests to this repository. Or you can
clone the project and establish your own branch of this tool.
Any methods are welcome!

Commit message:

feat: Add custom variable for max lines

README.md, after:

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![JCS-ELPA](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jcs-emacs/badges/master/elpa/v/sideline-flycheck.svg)](https://jcs-emacs.github.io/jcs-elpa/#/sideline-flycheck)
[![MELPA](https://melpa.org/packages/sideline-flycheck-badge.svg)](https://melpa.org/#/sideline-flycheck)
[![MELPA Stable](https://stable.melpa.org/packages/sideline-flycheck-badge.svg)](https://stable.melpa.org/#/sideline-flycheck)

# sideline-flycheck
> Show flycheck errors with sideline

[![CI](https://github.com/emacs-sideline/sideline-flycheck/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/emacs-sideline/sideline-flycheck/actions/workflows/test.yml)

## 🔨 Quickstart

```elisp
(use-package sideline
  :hook (flycheck-mode . sideline-mode)
  :init
  (setq sideline-backends-right '(sideline-flycheck)))

(use-package sideline-flycheck :hook (flycheck-mode . sideline-flycheck-setup))
```

## 🔧 Customization

#### 🧪 Variables

- `sideline-flycheck-inhibit-functions` - Functions to inhibit display of sideline flycheck.
- `sideline-flycheck-show-checker-name` - If non-nil, show the checker's name at the back.
- `sideline-flycheck-max-lines` - Maximum number of lines to show.

## Contribute

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![Elisp styleguide](https://img.shields.io/badge/elisp-style%20guide-purple)](https://github.com/bbatsov/emacs-lisp-style-guide)
[![Donate on paypal](https://img.shields.io/badge/paypal-donate-1?logo=paypal&color=blue)](https://www.paypal.me/jcs090218)
[![Become a patron](https://img.shields.io/badge/patreon-become%20a%20patron-orange.svg?logo=patreon)](https://www.patreon.com/jcs090218)

If you would like to contribute to this project, you may either
clone and make pull requests to this repository. Or you can
clone the project and establish your own branch of this tool.
Any methods are welcome!
